Who is she?
We haven't identified her yet, but Mr. Wesley did enter the banquet room that was booked by the Howard Harris that day.
The Howard's cut off.
The engagement recently.
Is Philip chasing after her?
Should we bring Mr. Wesley back in?
No need.
There's only a few days until he officially takes over as CEO.
He'll come back on his own.
Spread the word.
The Wesley's.
Will Mary.
The Howard Harris.
Yes, ma'am.
In the highness, are you done yet?
My arms going numb.
No wonder he's a successful call boy.
He's hot.
Language suit?
You wish the cuffs come off today and I want my freedom back.
Past seven days or are they really that bad?
Oh my god.
I just got a job offer for the Wesley group.
I serve tomorrow.